Create ui-c8y-1020-28-9-ui-filtering-the-alarm-audit-logs-with-date-filter-displays-wrong.md (#2474)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1020-28-9-ui-filtering-the-alarm-audit-logs-with-date-filter-displays-wrong.md

---
date: ""

> title: Alarm audit log date filter shows incorrect results

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved information on time filtering in Audit logs page
```

> title: UI Filtering the Alarm Audit Logs with Date filter displays wrong results (#7025) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7186)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Alarm audit log date filter shows incorrect results
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-60595
version: 1020.28.9
---

> UI Filtering the Alarm Audit Logs with Date filter displays wrong results (#7025) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7186)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Time filtering in Audit logs list view shows different times on left column and inside audit log card. There was done update of popup with information, to make user aware that audit logs cards are filtered by device time and it could be different from server time. 
```

> UI Filtering the Alarm Audit Logs with Date filter displays wrong results (#7025) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#7186)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The alarm audit log allows users to filter the displayed alarms by a specified date range. However, the date filter did not work as expected and showed incorrect results that did not match the selected date range. This issue has now been resolved. With this fix, filtering the alarm audit log by a date range now correctly displays only the alarms whose timestamps fall into the specified date range. This ensures that users can reliably filter the alarm audit log to only see the relevant alarms for their selected time period.
```

Reviewer 2: I put here my proposal in a commit.

> Time filtering in Audit logs list view shows different times on left column and inside audit log card. There was done update of popup with information, to make user aware that audit logs cards are filtered by device time and it could be different from server time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **Audit logs** page, time information is provided in the "Times" column on the left (server time) and inside the audit log card (device time). The information popup has been improved, to make users aware that audit logs cards are filtered by device time which can be different from the server time. 
```
